docs/index.md, before:

---
icon: material/axis-arrow-info
subtitle: DevOps Programmer & Undergraduate Student 
comments: true
---

# About

![](./assets/index-power.jpg)

=== "English"
    **The only things researchers should abied by are debates and dialectics. Only by questioning everything at all times can one avoid falling into prejudice.**  

=== "中文"
    **学者应当遵循之物， 唯有知论与证辩。只有时刻保持对一切的质疑，才能避免陷入偏见。**


## About Me

=== "English"
    Get more information in my [Blog Site](https://blog.virtualguard101.xyz/about/)

=== "中文"
    参见[我的博客](https://blog.virtualguard101.xyz/about/)


## Recent Notes 

=== "English"

=== "中文"

<!-- recent_notes_start -->
<ul>
<li><div style="display:flex; justify-content:space-between; align-items:center;"><a href="notes/job/jd/">部分JD</a><span style="font-size:0.8em;">2025-06-17</span></div></li>
<li><div style="display:flex; justify-content:space-between; align-items:center;"><a href="notes/Misc/Scientific Internet Access/proxy/">透明代理</a><span style="font-size:0.8em;">2025-06-17</span></div></li>
<li><div style="display:flex; justify-content:space-between; align-items:center;"><a href="notes/tools/re/">正则表达式</a><span style="font-size:0.8em;">2025-06-15</span></div></li>
<li><div style="display:flex; justify-content:space-between; align-items:center;"><a href="notes/tools/shell/">Shell Scripting</a><span style="font-size:0.8em;">2025-06-15</span></div></li>
<li><div style="display:flex; justify-content:space-between; align-items:center;"><a href="notes/tools/linux/misc/">Linux基础/杂项</a><span style="font-size:0.8em;">2025-06-08</span></div></li>
</ul>
<!-- recent_notes_end -->


## Learning Outcomes

=== "English"

    - [SpaceCaculator | CS61A](https://github.com/virtualguard101/space-calculator): A calculator for solid geometry implement by python.

    - [3BodySimulator | Build a C++ Project](https://github.com/virtualguard101/3BodySimulator): The visualization simulation of three-body motion implemented using C++ & Python

=== "中文"

    - [SpaceCaculator | CS61A](https://github.com/virtualguard101/space-calculator)：基于Python实现的简易立体几何计算器

    - [3BodySimulator | Build a C++ Project](https://github.com/virtualguard101/3BodySimulator)：使用 C++ & Python 实现的三体运动可视化模拟


## About This Site

=== "English"

    This is my notebook written in Chinese, use for recording my self learing process of **C**omputer **S**cience. You're welcome to leave a comment. Contact information and other sites(like blog) are available on my [HomePage](https://virtualguard101.xyz/).

=== "中文"

    这是我的学习笔记，用于记录我的CS自学历程。欢迎在评论区留言。我的联系方式及其他站点参见[我的主页](https://virtualguard101.xyz/)


![](https://butterblock233.github.io/posts/images/Hello.gif)

*GIF source: [Hello Apple by Meritt Thomas](https://dribbble.com/shots/17347386-Hello-Apple)*

Commit message:

Update index: add statement of reference to Stalo's Wiki

docs/index.md, after:

---
icon: material/axis-arrow-info
subtitle: DevOps Programmer & Undergraduate Student 
comments: true
---

# About

![](./assets/index-power.jpg)

=== "English"
    **The only things researchers should abied by are debates and dialectics. Only by questioning everything at all times can one avoid falling into prejudice.**  

=== "中文"
    **学者应当遵循之物， 唯有知论与证辩。只有时刻保持对一切的质疑，才能避免陷入偏见。**


## About Me

=== "English"
    Get more information in my [Blog Site](https://blog.virtualguard101.xyz/about/)

=== "中文"
    参见[我的博客](https://blog.virtualguard101.xyz/about/)


## Recent Notes 

=== "English"

=== "中文"

<!-- recent_notes_start -->
<ul>
<li><div style="display:flex; justify-content:space-between; align-items:center;"><a href="notes/job/jd/">部分JD</a><span style="font-size:0.8em;">2025-06-17</span></div></li>
<li><div style="display:flex; justify-content:space-between; align-items:center;"><a href="notes/Misc/Scientific Internet Access/proxy/">透明代理</a><span style="font-size:0.8em;">2025-06-17</span></div></li>
<li><div style="display:flex; justify-content:space-between; align-items:center;"><a href="notes/tools/re/">正则表达式</a><span style="font-size:0.8em;">2025-06-15</span></div></li>
<li><div style="display:flex; justify-content:space-between; align-items:center;"><a href="notes/tools/shell/">Shell Scripting</a><span style="font-size:0.8em;">2025-06-15</span></div></li>
<li><div style="display:flex; justify-content:space-between; align-items:center;"><a href="notes/tools/linux/misc/">Linux基础/杂项</a><span style="font-size:0.8em;">2025-06-08</span></div></li>
</ul>
<!-- recent_notes_end -->


## Learning Outcomes

=== "English"

    - [SpaceCaculator | CS61A](https://github.com/virtualguard101/space-calculator): A calculator for solid geometry implement by python.

    - [3BodySimulator | Build a C++ Project](https://github.com/virtualguard101/3BodySimulator): The visualization simulation of three-body motion implemented using C++ & Python

=== "中文"

    - [SpaceCaculator | CS61A](https://github.com/virtualguard101/space-calculator)：基于Python实现的简易立体几何计算器

    - [3BodySimulator | Build a C++ Project](https://github.com/virtualguard101/3BodySimulator)：使用 C++ & Python 实现的三体运动可视化模拟


## About This Site

=== "English"

    This is my notebook written in Chinese, whose layout referred to [Stalo's Wiki](https://note.stalomeow.com/), use for recording my self learing process of **C**omputer **S**cience.  You're welcome to leave a comment. Contact information and other sites(like blog) are available on my [Homepage](https://virtualguard101.xyz/).

=== "中文"

    这是我的学习笔记，排版参考了[Stalo's Wiki](https://note.stalomeow.com/)，用于记录我的CS自学历程。欢迎在评论区留言。我的联系方式及其他站点参见[我的主页](https://virtualguard101.xyz/)


![](https://butterblock233.github.io/posts/images/Hello.gif)

*GIF source: [Hello Apple by Meritt Thomas](https://dribbble.com/shots/17347386-Hello-Apple)*
